# Using-sklearn-s-Logistic-Regression-Model-to-Predict-the-Outcome-of-League-of-Legends-matches

**What is *League of Legends?*** 

*League of Legends* is a MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) strategy-based game developed by Riot Games. Here, two teams of 5 players aim to destroy their enemiy's base and claim victory. To do so, they need to obtain gold (the currency in the game) throughout the game to become stronger. 

The map on which both teams face-off consists of three lanes that connect both bases. Each team has a "Nexus" which is the heart of their base, and if it is destroyed, the game ends. Each Nexus' is guarded by two Nexus towers and in each lane, there is an inhibitor, an inhibitor tower, an inner tower, and an outer tower (in order of closest to furthest from the Nexus.) At the beginning of the game, all towers/inhibitors/Nexus' are made untargetable (cannot be damaged/destroyed) except for the outer towers. Once an outer tower is destroyed, the inner tower in that lane becomes targetable, and so on and so forth until the inhibitor of that lane. Once an inhibitor is destroyed, the Nexus towers are targetable, however, inhibitors are unique because they respawn every 5 minutes. If at least one of the three inhibitors is destroyed, the Nexus towers become targetable, but this effect reverts once all three inhibitors have respawned/are not destroyed yet. These are all called objectives and grant gold when destroyed. In each lane, 6 minions from both teams will spawn every 30 seconds and travel through their lanes until they reach an enemy or a tower and grant gold if killed by a player.

The region that separates each lane is called the jungle and it contains neutral monsters (not fighting for any teams) that can be killed in exchange for gold. The Baron Nashor and the Drakes are the two most important monsters that grant unique buffs for your team and can turn the tide of the game. They are also called objectives and respawn every 7 and 5 minutes respectively.

Essentially, the 5 players of each team want to be able to prioritize their gold income in order to buy items that enhance their damage. The ways of doing so are by killing enemy players, enemy minions, and objectives. Not only do they obtain gold, but they also obtain XP (experience) which allows them to level up (18 levels max) and also increase their damage.
